This document describes D2A V1 files representing the data used in the 'combined' experiment in our ICSE paper.

Source files:
The files were created using source pickle files: https://developer.ibm.com/exchanges/data/all/d2a/
Description:

The data contains all the infer default security errors from 5 projects: libtiff nginx httpd openssl libav

Each project is split into 3 csv files, train, test and dev.

Each csv file has the following 7 columns:

1. id: Unique identifier for each sample/bug.
2. label: 0 indicates not a bug or non-vulnerable or negative, and 1 indicates bug or vulnerable or positive. Same as label in the source pickle files.
3. bug_type: Type of bug, as defined by Infer. Same as bug_type in the source pickle files.
4. trace: bug trace generated by Infer. Only available for samples that Infer considers to be bugs, which are all the sample with after_fix column value 0. Unzipped value of zipped_bug_report in the source pickle files.
5. bug_function: Source code of the function where Infer and/or the D2A auto-labeler thinks the bug originates. When D2A or Infer disagree, the function pointed to by D2A is given preference. Created by a combination of bug_info, adjusted_bug_loc, trace and functions in the source pickle file.
6. bug_url: Url of the function in bug_function. Created from a combination of bug_info and adjusted_bug_info in the source pickle files.
7. functions: list of source code of all the functions that appear in bug trace, in the order in which they appear with the duplicates removed. Created from trace and functions in the source pickle files.

NOTE: The id is the same as those in the source pickle files except the suffix of _0 or _1 has been removed.
